Hello my name is Kiril and my name is Xillia.
And we're very excited to welcome you to the databases and ask you of course for data.
We all know that data is growing.
In fact it's growing exponentially.
Wherever you look around you see data and you've probably heard that as well is that database programming
language.
So it's imperative to know that.
Q Well in order to succeed as a data scientist and the natural question here is why this course there's
so many clauses out there and ask you out why would you choose this one.
Well because we do not only teach you how to practice as well where we teach you how to think like a
data scientist and that is for two reasons.
First of all all of the examples in this course are real world data sets and real world chances.
And also inside this Clauss will teach you about database design and all understand things like schemas
and normalization of databases which is so important for data scientists.
And in this course we teach you not one but two as well software.
In this course you will learn how to use photographs.
Q Well as well as Microsoft's server as well.
So does that sound too good to be true.
Well let's have a look at Santa Claus so you can decide for yourself if it's right for you.
And this course will learn how to install both Microsoft a SQL Server and postgresql onto our computers.
Then we will proceed onto creating our first databases and uploading data sets which is a very important
skill to have especially if you want to perform ad hoc analytics in SU Well then we'll proceed onto
Syria and they'll be a bit of theory in every single section of the course so we understand better what
we're doing then we will move on to creating Eskdale queries and you will get some hands on experience
Bufo real world data sets while learning the basics as well.
Everything about Joines scheme is normalization and even involves a skill and along the way it will
be right there to guide you to make sure you're on top of your game.
There's a all well if you really want to start your career in data science then take this course now
join us inside.